Pay 1112 rbac (#1994)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/source-control-environments/using/push-pull.md

n8n may display a warning about overriding local changes. Select **Pull and override** to override your local work with the content in Git.

### Workflow and credential owner may change on pull

> When you pull from Git to an n8n instance, the workflow or credential owner may change. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you pull from Git to an n8n instance, the local workflow or credential owner will not change if the workflow or credential already exists.
```
